--------- SEMSESTER SECOND HALF NOTES -----------------------

Next steps:

1. just a couple data cleaning things we discussed:
	a. Make a few corrections to the test result classifications. Basically it was making the results with a "<" count as negative, unless it says "detected" specifically. This gives us a few more tests that will be counted as negative. 
	b. Standardize the reporting facility name so we can do further analysis on this variable 

2. Analysis #1 (Clearance Cascade):
	a. Proportion of RNA results coming from each facility (top 10 is fine)
	b. Proportion of negative RNA results by facility. 
	c. Lets look at these side by side and select the facilities that are consistently reporting the majority of negative RNA results. 
		i. After you have these results, this might be a good place to touch base to see how we want to go about using a sample of the total population to estimate percent positivity. 
			What I am hoping to do here is get a percent positivity and a percent negativity of RNA results for the sample that we can compare to the total population and see how much they differ (with a CI/ T-test - we can talk about the best methodology here. )
	d. You might want to look at this overall, and then isolate it to just the last 5 years to see if there is a large difference. 

	e. For the stages/steps, I am looking back at a CDC paper that has the following definitions that I'd like to make sure we are aligning with (dont worry about the "alive and living part"):
		https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/00333549231170044  
		
		Steps:
		1) ever infected (having received any positive HCV test result [reactive anti-HCV, detectable HCV RNA or HCV genotype] - - right now our step 1 only includes Ab, so maybe we call this 1a (I'd like to keep the ab only step). 
		2) received viral testing (having had an HCV RNA - positive or negative-  test performed among persons categorized as ever infected - ie step 1) within a year (365 days) of the test done in step 1
		3) diagnosis of initial infection (having a detectable/positive HCV RNA test result during the follow-up period for any person with viral testing) -  within a year (365 days) of the test done in step 1
		4) cured or cleared (having received a subsequent undetectable HCV RNA test result during the follow-up period among any person with an initial infection); within a year (365 days) of the test done in step 1
		5) persistent infection or reinfection (having received a subsequent detectable HCV RNA test result during the follow-up period in any person categorized as cured or cleared). within a year (365 days) of the test done in step 1

	f. When you have these results in the steps by year could you share those with me so I can take a look at what time frames make sense for looking at the clearance cascade (year over year/ grouping).

3. Analysis #2:
	a. Hold off on a prevalence analysis because I need to see what I can get from vital statistics (i.e death records). I will keep you posted on this!